hi I'm Frank Bello and I play for the
band anthrax I'm David Austin from
Megadeth and we're here to talk about
mono cases and straps now I have in
front of me here the bag that I flew
with here to Sweetwater it's a double
bass case I put my basses in here and
trust them they didn't break but I'll
tell you something this is what my
airline did you see that that wasn't
there before I came out here but these
things man I trust them with every
guitar I have they have the double bass
case they have it you open it up unzip
it it's really easy put your first bass
in there and check it out go around what
do we have here put your second base now
you're traveling with two basses and
being secure in the fact that it's not
going to be broken by some big animal
throwing it around somewhere I thought
it was going to happen but it didn't I'm
very happy to say my basses are hearing
and theirs alive and safe probably the
hardest part when you're traveling
especially doing a lot of fly dates like
Frank and I do and even come in here to
Sweetwater is you you want to cut down
weight you want to cut down check
baggage everything you have with you
you're pretty sure it's going to show up
at the gig with you when you check
things you're taking a chance so the
good thing about cases and especially
with the mono cases is I've checked
things before you know you walk onto the
airplane and they say sir our overhead
bins are full you must check it so you
put it down below sure enough you open
it up and I'm tuning pegs or broken-off
next can be snapped all kinds of things
can happen like that so mono has really
come up with a great design that really
feels like a like a hardshell case it
has that durability you can tell when
you pick it up one of the things I like
about it that protects especially for
next breaking is it actually has a neck
protection piece in it so that so the
thing isn't resting on the headstock
when an instrument rests on the
headstock of a sudden there's no
stability on the actual neck so that
piece right there to me is the great
selling point because it's one of the I
think the only case I've ever seen that
in and then also down here on the bottom
to actually have very important very
much like it like it's a molded case you
know like like a hard shell type of case
so when you zip it up it has great
stability to ends it really stands up
well too yep so we got the single bass
we've got the double instrument case and
of course here the guitar case from mono
and Frank even uses the stripe distress
which I swear by because you know the
neck problem in the shoulder problem
these thing
when you make stupid jumps onstage just
to be comfortable I use in my swear by
them I'm really comfortable they don't
tear me up on the neck I swear by these
jobs do them yeah yours is actually a
custom strap because Frank as you know
wears his face it as knees right so I
think mano is the only strap company
that makes straps long enough for Frank
to get down here and thrash like put
some extra leather that they did they
did and thank you for that I think
they're going to put them out for the
low players so for more information here
at Sweetwater for mono cases call your
Sweetwater sales engineer Frank and
David over now rock